# Kerr-Cat experiment: a Floquet analysis and more

This repository was created in September 2023 by Alejandro Cros, please feel free to ask any questions about the code or the like at a.croscarrillo@gmail.com .

### A quick word about Julia
Julia is the main programming language used in this project. Julia can be natively much faster than Python as it is a JIT (just-in-time) compiled language. In a nutshell, this means that, if it can (i.e. if we did our job correctly), it will compile away our code just like C++ would so that next time we call that piece of code it will be super fast. This is if it can: if it fails to compile, it will behave just like Python would by interpreting the code on the fly (which often is more inefficient). If you are interested in learning more about how these things work you can have a look at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-in-time_compilation and in particular the Julia docs https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/.

### The structure of this repository 
The heart of this repository lives inside `/src`. In particular, the main functions used in this code are in `src/main.jl` where we can find (and of course import!) useful functions like `a(N)` the bosonic annihilation operator and more. Inside `/src` we also have `src/utils.jl` where useful, but otherwise miscelaneous functionalities, are stored and finally `src/src.jl` which imports all the functions inside `/src` so that we only need to import this file from elsewhere in the code. 
The rest of the repository is very simple. `/data` contains, you guessed it, data generated by our simulations in the form of `.csv` files (which are nice for `Pandas` and Julia's equivalent `DataFrames`). `/data_gen` cotains the code used to generate the data in `/data` and `/data_plotting` the code used for plotting it. Finally we store relevant figures inside `/figs`. For demostration purposes, I decided to include a `/notebooks` directory to store Julia Jupyter notebooks (yes you can do that), as a friendly way of walking a newcomer through the use of this humble repository. (I might reconvert the notebooks to something else, I havent decided).

### Sugestions? Love to hear!
Please feel more than free to report bugs, suggest enhancements or extend the code functionality or the like!